Update hooks.md (#4510)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-react/docs/hooks.md

### Input Parameters

- [interactionType](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/enums/_azure_msal_browser.interactiontype.html) (Popup, Redirect, or Silent) specifies how you would like to acquire tokens or login when interaction is required (note the Silent option has some extra considerations explained below)

> - [request object](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/request-response-object.md) (optional) specifies additional parameters to be used by the login or token acquisition call

Reviewer: Shouldn't we link to our typedoc reference instead as we do with `accountIdentifiers` below?

Author: The request-response-object.md is a good reference point because it has a table that includes all the request objects with a link to each request in the typedoc.

- `login` - function which can be used to retry a failed login. The `response` and `error` properties will be updated.
- `acquireToken` - function which can be used to get a new access token before calling a protected API. The `response` and `error` properties will be updated.

> Note: Passing the "Silent" interaction type will call `ssoSilent` which attempts to open a hidden iframe and reuse an existing session with AAD. This will not work in browsers that block 3rd party cookies such as Safari. Additionally, the request object is required when using the "Silent" type. If you already have the user's sign-in information, you can pass either a `loginHint` or `sid` optional claims to improve performance. However, be aware that there are [additional considerations](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md#silent-login-with-ssosilent) - when using `ssoSilent` without providing any information about the user's session.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Passing the "Silent" interaction type will call `ssoSilent` which attempts to open a hidden iframe and reuse an existing session with AAD. This will not work in browsers that block 3rd party cookies such as Safari. Additionally, the request object is required when using the "Silent" type. If you already have the user's sign-in information, you can pass either the `loginHint` or `sid` optional parameters to sign-in a specific account. Note: there are [additional considerations](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-browser/docs/login-user.md#silent-login-with-ssosilent) - when using `ssoSilent` without providing any information about the user's session.
```
